i
am going to talk about what has been
going on in
my life i have shed
the word vegan as a part of my identity
because
it was no longer resonating with me i
just felt it was bringing
a very toxic mindset in my life
and it was making me judgmental and
aggressive
and i just don't want to have that as a
core identity anymore
i want to be a part of a more uplifting
and open-minded movement
and i feel like the way that veganism
has been going lately is that it's a
very all or nothing attitude
[Music]
humans aren't perfect for him to hold
yourself at a level where
you have to be perfect always or you're
a bad person
it's just that's not that's not the
lifestyle that i want to promote that's
not the
mindset that i want to have and i want
to work towards a world where
everyone is trying their best to be the
best version
of themselves that they can be in that
day and then strive to be better the
next
i also want to promote self-love and
and self-care and for me that involves
like
making sure you're the healthiest you
can be that's something that i've really
struggled with
couple years ago i developed an eating
disorder and i'm gonna do a separate
video talking about my eating disorder
for now um i'll just say that my eating
disorder
i personally believe was quite severe
and i'm still
dealing with the repercussions of that
and still dealing with the mental
aspects of that
i mean it is a really big struggle the
effect that that eating disorder had on
my body
is very severe
[Music]
so
miami
[Music]
and i have faced a lot of digestive
issues
and i have tried so many different
methods of
fixing this nothing was fixing it and i
wasn't able to digest anything properly
i wasn't hungry so i wasn't eating
enough
it was taking me over a week to recover
from a workout
i didn't feel good to work out if i was
working out i was so bloated so it was
very uncomfortable
just all together it was it was just not
working and
i was just in such a dark place
the only thing that i hadn't tried
because it is and it was so against my
morals was
what everyone else that goes through the
same thing that i was going through with
digestive problems ibs and all of these
things all the things that hear those
ex-vegans talk about and
then they introduce fish and eggs to
help and i was like i will never be one
of those people i
could never i'm gonna be vegan forever
and if you give up on veganism like
you weren't doing it right and i would
unfollow those people and i would just
immediately think they're a bad person
that's the toxic mindset that vegans
have is
they they truly wholeheartedly believe
that veganism
is the only way
it took me a couple weeks of bawling and
crying and i was like i
i just can't do it why do i get to
decide that my life is more important
than theirs
it's not fair of me to to say that
i deserve this because i need to be
healthy and it was such a struggle
also in the back of my mind i i know
that i have
been having these cravings for for fish
and for eggs and
i'm just like no that's no that's not
even food it's not food it's not good
for you it's bad and
i'm never gonna eat that and yet when
he's cooking up some eggs
or having smoked salmon on toast i'm
literally like drooling over it and
it's just freaking eggs with salmon like
there's no wheat it's not like it's a
chocolate cake like why am i drooling
over that and
i had made a point a couple months ago
when seeing you shouldn't ignore your
hunger cravings because your
body is smarter than your ego your body
is smarter than your
ego but for me to be like ignoring that
even though it's obviously a sign from
my body that it's needing the nutrition
that the vegan proteins are unable to
provide for me at this time
for me to ignore that logically it
doesn't make sense
[Music]
be
bye
[Music]
ah
my
[Music]
so